[Music]
this is the new hamster five four eight
which has an all-new hole of design
that's got a bit more beam at the aft
ends so a bit more space inside it's a
table each size of the cockpit which
allows fur and an unobstructed walk
through but can be raised and lowered
hydraulically so drop it down to the
sunbed position the new hole design also
includes larger hole windows throughout
the boat
this is the master cabin at the front on
the standards layout to bright cabin
with lots of space in fact there's so
much room here that it can actually be
split in half to form two double cabins
each with an ensuite heads compartment
in common with many of the other recent
votes of this size this is set up with
two headsails
you've got the soft tacking jib on the
inner for stay that makes for really
easy upwind work and then a Genoa on the
outer for stay which is great when
you're reaching options for the main
solar includes a furling sail with
full-length vertical battens as on this
boat but alternatively you can have a
slab reef sail again with full-length
battens
[Music]